I've got jungle fever
she's got jungle fever
we've got jungle fever
we're in love
she's gone black-boy crazy
I've gone white-girl hazy
ain't no thinking maybe
we're in love
I've gone white-girl crazy
she's gone black-boy hazy
we're each other's baby
we're in love
She can't love me
I can't love her
cause they say
we're the wrong color
staring, gloating
laughing, looking
like we've done something wrong
because we show love strong
get real, come on
calling us names
too bad to mention
but we pay them no attention
for color-blind
are inner feelings
if we feel happiness
and know our love's the best
forget their mess
I've got jungle fever
she's got jungle fever
we've got jungle fever
we're in love
I've got jungle fever
she's got jungle fever
we've got jungle fever
we're in love
she's gone black-boy crazy
I've gone white-girl hazy
ain't no thinking maybe
we're in love
I've gone white-girl crazy
she's gone black-boy hazy
we're each other's baby
we're in love.
Oh, shit.
Right there, right there.
Oh, God, oh.
Don't wake the baby!
You know you probably
woke up Ming again.
Why do you always say that?
Because you always wake her up.
I'm not the vocal one, Flipper.
You are. Baby, I can't
believe you said that.
You make too much noise. I love
it, but you make a lot of noise.
I was very quiet.
Ming? Ming!
Come on, Ming-a-ling-a-ling,
you're gonna be late for school.
Wake up.
Wake up, wake up, wake up!
I know you're faking.
I can see your eyes moving.
Last chance.
One, two, three.
That's it.
Wake up, wake up,
wake up, wake up.
Daddy, why did you do that?
Because you were faking.
That's why and
you're gonna be late.
Good morning. How are you? Fine.
How did you sleep?
Fine.
Good, okay.
Put your slippers on.
You go to the bathroom, brush
your teeth and wash your face.
Mommy“ be here
to do your hah...
And this is what
you're gonna wear, okay?
Yes. See you later. High five.
Psych.
That's not fair.
Morning.
Good morning, baby. Watch your hand.
Daddy, why do you
always hurting Mommy?
Eat your oatmeal.
Mommy's always screaming
like you're hurting her.
Eat your oatmeal, baby.
Honey, you know what?
Remember how we go to school
and feed the pigeons? Yes.
Remember the sparrow was biting
that other sparrow on the booty...
and I said... I remember.
And the squirrels with the
peanuts were biting each other?
- I think so.
- I said it was a spring thing.
I remember.
Mating season.
Well, baby, that's what
your mom and dad are doing.
We're making love.
I know, I was testing you
if you'd tell me the truth.
You knew.
You little smarty.
You are too smart for your age.
- Mommy and Daddy...
- Eat your oatmeal.
You doing it to be doing it or
are you trying to make a baby?
- Eat your oatmeal.
- I would like a baby brother.
So you feel full?
Yeah, that oatmeal is filling.
How do you like it?
I'm kinda tired of oatmeal.
I'm tired of oatmeal myself.
You never eat your oatmeal.
Yeah, 'cause I'm tired of it.
We should have Mommy fix something
different. We should tell her tomorrow.
You think that I don't
know that you be awake.
That you have your door open
every morning, listening.
You're trying to jive me
to think you're asleep.
I know what's going on.
You know that?
Nothing gets past you.
Nothing gets past me.
Okay, baby, here.
I love you so much, mmmm!
Have a nice day, okay?
Okay.
Tell Mrs. Jones I said hello.
Bye,baby. Okay. Bye.
This is fun day
on a fine day
when the air is filled
with tweeting birds
that sing together in the sun
this is your day.
- Where'd you temp before?
- I worked in a law firm.
Could you wait here? Sure.
Hey, Flip.
Good tie, nice ensemble. Very sharp.
Thank you, Jerry.
Leslie, Tony's work is awful.
He's got this elevator shaft six
inches off where it is supposed to be.
We caught that.
Whew!
Listen, we have somebody
we want you to meet.
She comes highly recommended.
This is Angela Tucci. She's
gonna be replacing Terri. Hi.
What? She'll be replacing Terri.
- Glad to meet you.
- Nice to meet you too.
I'm looking forward
to working for you.
We explained to the temp service
how hardworking Terri was.
Said give us the best you got.
And here she is.
Listen, just call me Angie.
I don't like Angela.
Angie it is.
Okay.
You don't have a problem with
this, do you, Flip? No, no.
All right.
She's all yours.
Bye.
Uh...
It went pretty well.
Yeah, of course.
So your name is Angela Tucci?
Yeah.
- You're Italian?
- What else would I be?
And you don't like
to be called Angela.
Angie's fine.
Flip is a nice name.
If you don't mind my asking,
what kind of a name is that?
My father.
If you don't mind me asking,
how long have you been temping?
Since high school.
Have you ever worked in
an architectural firm?
No, I haven't.
But I learn really quick.
I like to learn new things.
I like to be around new people.
- I like people.
- You like people?
I love people.
Uh-huh.
Excuse me just a minute, okay?
Okay.
- Guys, what is this?
- Someone needs a chill pill.
I asked for an African-American
to replace Terri.
You requested an Afro-American?
African-American.
Jerry, you know I did.
I put it in writing.
I didn't see it.
You see it?
If you don't like her,
you send her back.
You tell her you didn't like her
performance because she's white.
What?
That's not the point.
She's been here five minutes,
give her a chance.
This sounds dangerously
like reverse discrimination.
What? This is not
reverse discrimination.
Why is it that I'm the only person
of color working in this office?
Is that discrimination? Why
should we hire someone...
solely on the qualification
of being an African-American?
That's not fair.
We hire who we feel...
is the best human being
for the job.
Fine, fine.
Miss Angela Tucci it is.
I want you to know,
I hope this works out.
Since she likes people.
I think Angie's home.
Dinnertime.
All right, now to the graveyard.
Why can't they kick ass...
Put 'em in the graveyard.
What time is it? The
"N" train broke down.
We're hungry. We're starving.
All right.
How was your day? It was good.
New job.
Fancy place.
I'm glad they got rid of Strawberry.
He was too much trouble.
If he wants his ass kissed, let him
go to I.A. and let Lasorda kiss it.
He says he's a born-again Christian.
Fuck born-again.
Play the fucking game.
We're starving here, Ange.
- You three grown men crippled?
- God forbid.
Do your arms and fingers work?
Don't be mean.
What's to eat, Ange? You cook it.
We'll help.
Yeah, help lift
your fork to your mouth?
Good, huh?
It's good.
No, no, that's plenty.
I'm eating like a fucking pig.
Dad, are we gonna
cuss at the dinner table?
Sorry, sweetheart.
Sorry. I'm still
eating like a pig.
You guys, you should
thank your sister.
For what?
She works hard all day.
Oh, we don't work now! She rushes home.
She cooks for us...
like your mother used to do,
may she rest in peace.
- I like Mommy's cooking better.
- So why don't you cook?
Jimmy, why don't you cook
for the rest of the week?
Jimmy's cooking for the rest of the week.
What's the matter?
You're smart. What's
the matter with you?
Didn't you just hear me say you
should thank your sister? Yeah.
You heard me? Did you
understand what I meant?
I just said it. I was thinking
that and I just said it.
This girl broke her ass for you.
She made a dinner fit for kings.
And "I like Mommy's
cooking better."
Is that nice?
He got no brains.
I want you to apologize
to your sister.
Fucking apologize.
Don't kick my chair. I'll put
this glass in your fucking face.
Why don't you apologize?
Shut the fuck up.
Shut up for ten minutes.
I was telling the truth.
No one cooked like my mother.
- What a fucking life.
- Just eat.
Angie, come on in here.
Sit down and eat.
You got no class. A whole world
affair you're making it into.
That's it. I've had it.
Forget about it.
I'm done. Come and sit down.
Just smack him in the head.
Come and sit down.
Please, Ange.
Flip.
What's up, Cyrus?
You got any gum?
Gum, gum, gum, yeah.
Doublemint.
What's up, man?
Doing my 25 miles...
daily.
What's up with you?
Hey, brother.
I'm just a natural black man
trying to survive...
in a cruel and harsh
white corporate America.
I don't know how you do it.
I don't know how you do it!
Hey, Cody.
How you doing?
What's up, boy?
How you feeling, man? Hi, I'm fine, Vera.
How you doing?
What's Drew up to? She's
downstairs getting ready to cook.
Tell her to give me a call.
All right, bye.
See ya. Come on, Cody,
let's go downstairs.
Whew.
Ohhh.
Vera, how you doing?
Hi, honey.
What are you staring at?
Those birth control pills
enlarging your breasts.
Yeah, did you remember
to pick up that prescription?
I forgot.
I'm sorry.
Oh, you weren't supposed to forget.
I forgot.
When are we having some kids anyway?
I just got my promotion!
It's not an easy job to get.
You promised me
you'd go back to school...
before we had some kids.
That I did.
You make all their money.
Been making all their money.
Their whole Japanese
account is because of me.
They'd be crazy not to do this.
Baby?
What?
I want you to be prepared,
though, all right?
Prepared for what?
Prepared for if they say no.
If they say no?
Look...
No, no. They're not going to say no.
They'd be...
They have no right to say no. I
deserve this. totally crazy.
I've done everything
they've ever asked me to do.
Most of the money they make
is because of me. Totally!
I deserve this.
You do!
They're not going to say no.
Don't think about it. I'm not.
No negative thoughts, right?
That's right.
Right?
Positive thoughts. Positive!
I'm so positive.
What do you want, scumbag?
- I'd like to see your sister.
- Angie's not home, Paulie.
Don't try to be slick
and tell me she's not home.
You know and I know
that she's washing dishes.
I want to see Angie now.
Please, come on.
Oh, Angie, it's for you. What?
Hi, Paulie.
Coming out?
Yeah, I ain't washing
the dishes tonight.
The boys are. Charlie's
washing, Jimmy's drying.
That's a change of pace.
Let me go.
Yo, Jimmy?
What?
Prince Charming's here.
Check it out.
Whoa, Paulie. Paulie
Carbone, my man.
What's up?
Hey, Jim.
How you doing?
Good.
Look, Paulie,
we was wanting to know...
if you were fucking our sister.
You fucking my sister?
What kind of question is that?
That's a good question.
It's a stupid question
and I ain't answering it.
If you're fucking my sister,
you better not be.
'Cause you'll get
a fucking beating.
If we ever hear she's not a
virgin, your ass is grass.
You're gonna wish
your mother never had you.
You get her pregnant... Hey!
I don't know why I'm thinking
this, but if you did...
I'm gonna give you
the abortion, Paulie.
Then you're gonna
marry her, okay?
Angela's not some slut.
She's our sister.
Don't even think aboutfi.
Don't even think about it!
You guys.
You guys are sick.
No, we're not sick.
You look like a bum.
What do you got?
Louie's hand-me-downs on?
Tu-eee.
Angie, come out here
and talk to this bum...
before I stomp him into the stoop.
I'm coming.
Whoa. What is this? Prom night?
Go finish watching the game.
Coleman just homered.
Where you going?
Have something to eat.
Where you taking her?
You going with this guy?
Paulie, this doesn't
settle anything.
We'll be waiting, Paulie.
Waiting right here.
You better be careful.
The clock is running.
Don't wait up. We'll
see you in the morning.
Paulie, why don't you say something?
I just did.
Like I'm not a man,
I'm a woman, right?
When my brothers pick on me,
I can deal with it.
When they pick on you,
you grin and take it.
With all due respect, your
brothers are retarded. They are.
I'm serious. Jimmy and Charlie
are definitely retarded.
The poor guys don't even know it.
They don't.
Lucky for you, retardation
isn't hereditary.
Is it? 'Cause it might be.
I don't think so.
No, you could be retarded.
I could be going out with a retarded
girl and I don't even know it.
"Now concerning the things
whereof ye wrote unto me:
"It is good for a man
not to touch a woman.
"Nevertheless,
to avoid fornication...
"let every man have
his own wife...
and every woman
have her own husband."
Mmm, mmm, mmm.
Well, well.
I'll get it.
Gator!
Is the good reverend
doctor home?
Can't you tell? Yeah,
there's Mahalia.
Come on in, but please be quiet.
This is your father's
quiet time.
Time for meditation,
time for prayer.
Let me fix you something to eat.
You don't look right.
I look fine.
You been eating?
Like a horse, but I'm not hungry.
I'll just have a candy bar.
That's not good eatin'.
It's quick energy,
sugar, glucose, you know.
I'm cooking you something,
just the same.
You don't look like
you've been eating regularly.
Did I ask you that already?
Mm-hmm.
My mind is getting bad.
Are you on that stuff again?
You promised.
I promise, Mama.
I'm straight, I'm clean.
You don't have to worry
about me anymore.
You can rest your heart.
That's why I came by here.
I got this great new job,
but there's one catch.
The application calls
for one hundred bucks.
They say I have the job.
But the fee is $100.
Boy, you must think you
have a fool for a mother.
No, I don't! I think I have a
great, understanding mother.
Hush, your foolishness.
I'll pay you back...
with my first check
with interest.
I'm trying, Mama.
It's just a lousy $100.
Don't tell your father.
Lucinda, what is he
doing in our home?
The "he" is your son, our son;
Our first child, Gator.
And I'm fixing him
something to eat.
He is not allowed in our home.
But this is his home too. How
much money did he ask for?
Gator did no such thing.
Go listen to Mahalia while
I get him something to eat.
Now, go on back inside.
Go on.
I take care of Gator.
You go on back.
Gator, dance for me.
Do that new move I like.
Don't forget to call me
as soon as you get that job.
I am of the world.
I have been out there.
The good reverend doctor knows.
The devil's work is never done.
Food's almost ready. The
devil is always busy.
Angie, you can do that
in the morning.
You done enough. That's all right.
I like to work.
You like to what?
Besides, I want my father and
brothers to eat McDonald's tonight.
You want
your father and brothers...
to eat McDonald's?
See, when I get home, I usually
gotta cook and I don't wanna.
So I figure if I don't go home
they're left to their own...
They're grown men.
Why you cooking for them?
It's what they expect
'cause I always do.
I think it's time for them to grow up.
Dig it, dig it.
So you're a good cook?
You can cook, huh?
Yeah, I can cook. I love to cook.
Oh, yeah?
What? What can you cook?
I can cook anything.
- What? Spaghetti?
- Yeah, I can cook spaghetti.
Lasagna? Yeah, lasagna.
You like lasagna?
Ilovelasagna. Oh, yeah?
I'll make lasagna for you.
What? You're gonna
make lasagna for me?
Yeah, I'll make lasagna. I'll make
it at home and bring it in for you.
Why don't I come over and
eat it with your family?
You could try.
I don't know if...
It's a joke.
It's just a joke.
I'm joking.
I know, I know.
Okay.
Shoot, all this talk about food
is making me hungry. Yeah.
Are you hungry?
Yeah.
Where you from?
Bensonhurst.
Bensonhurst?
Mmm.
Nice neighborhood.
Yeah.
Uptown.
The Bronx?
No. Harlem.
Harlem, U.S.A.
Wow.
You ever been there?
No? You've never
been to Harlem?
No, I've never met
anybody from Harlem.
I mean, not in
Bensonhurst anyway.
Well, you know, you should...
You should go.
You'd like it. There's
a lot of nice people there.
Yeah.
Mmm.
- You like it?
- When you put soy sauce on it.
I don't like
the soy sauce so much.
What?
What? What are you looking at?
Wait, don't tell me.
I know.
I know what you're thinking.
You're going,
"Wow! Look at
your skin color,
"How dark it is.
"I love your color complexion.
"I mean, I'm so white,
I'm so pale.
"I get sun now and then when
I hang out at Jones beach.
But nothing like that!"
I hate the beach.
You're definitely
not a mind reader.
I do admit I was looking
at your skin.
Boy, it's amazing,
this preoccupation with color.
I mean here
you are staring at me.
My experiences, my people...
I've been called every...
Black, dot, smut,
midnight, spot.
Every black derogatory name
you could ever think of.
And then white people
comment all the time.
They love it.
It's a deep, dark tan.
Sorry.
It's kind of messed up, huh?
Yeah, it really is.
It's beautiful.
You happy?
Um, we've been going out...
for a long time,
since high school.
How does he treat you?
He's all right.
Just all right?
He's a nice guy.
He's just from the neighborhood.
It's the kind of thing
I'm outgrowing.
Yeah?
I'm just saying, I mean,
you like all these things,
but you're temping.
I think you could be doing
a lot more than that.
Guess it's time to go home, right?
Yeah.
You want any more? No.
Sure?
Positive, positive.
How long does it take you
to get back to Bensonhurst?
Forty, forty-five minutes.
And your...
boyfriend meets you
at the subway station?
No.
No?
What, there's no one
there waiting for you?
Is that safe?
Yeah.
Let me help you with this.
Thank you.
You know, Angie, um...
I've never cheated on
my wife before.
I mean, I'm married.
Happily married.
I know.
I kinda figured that.
Okay?
Yeah.
Wait.
Ohhh.
Take this off.
What's the matter, Daddy?
Is there something wrong?
How come you're not
talking to me, Daddy?
You're usually full of laughs
and everything.
Bye.
Paulie, how many Daily
News did you order?
Seventy-five.
How many Posts? Fifty.
How many Newsday?
Papa, I order the
same number every day...
and every day you ask me
the same question.
I gotta know. You do know.
It never changes.
You kidding?
Newspapers change every day.
Here.
Eat your breakfast, okay? Yeah.
Call me at lunchtime. I'll
call you at lunchtime.
Okay. All right?
Hey, hey, wait.
You gonna say good-bye
to your mother?
Okay.
Call me at lunchtime. I'll
call you at lunchtime.
Lock the door.
Running for your life
by the night.
Running from your wife yipes.
You should have stuck with home.
Turn this shit off!
Hey! It's giving me a headache!
It's P.E.. I don't care!
I don't like it!
Flavor Flav, man. I like it.
I like Madonna.
Madonna's out.
Old! Okay?
Look, I gotta go
inside for a second.
You said we were gonna spend the
day together. We are, okay?
Wait here.
Take me with you.
No, no, all right? Come on, you
always hang out with those goombahs.
Ten minutes. All right.
Hurry up. Hurry up.
Hi, Vinny.
What are you talking about?
It harasses me.
I can't tell you nothing.
Paulie, give me another
egg cream, will you?
Every day I see you reading.
What's with this reading?
Some guy makes up some story,
fuck 'em. It's a waste of time.
Tell me one thing that I don't know
that's important from your reading.
Right here, I'm reading
this story right here.
- Yeah, so what?
- I'll tell you what.
These Sicilian guys
in Louisiana had a factory.
It was around 1899...
and they gave the black workers
equal status.
The regular white people
found out and lynched...
the five Italian guys who owned
the factory, that's so what.
Good, they got
what they deserved.
They shouldn't have got
involved with no niggers.
- That's not the point.
- That's my fucking point.
- Give me the money for lotto.
- Put it on my tab.
Give me the money.
Tab, my ass.
Paulie, give me another
chocolate egg cream.
That's five egg creams
you're drinking.
What, does Donna
got you in a state?
I think she's banging
the blond-headed guy.
The one with the big blue
eyes, the pretty boy.
What's that supposed to mean?
Oh pretty boy
I'm only telling ya.
Just 'cause I don't
look like that...
Tall, blond, blue eyes.
That don't mean
I don't feel like that.
What am I?
Some kind of Neanderthal?
These fucking Italian girls.
They're all the same.
You'd think... You'd think
they'd want their own kind.
Nah, nah.
What do they want?
Fucking Robert Redford
they want. Harrison Ford.
They got money, that's why.
Who's that other Wasp?
William Hurt.
White Anglo-Saxon pricks.
Those bums don't know shit
about fucking romance.
Guess who's coming now.
Guess who's coming.
Veeshay, what's up?
Good morning, Paulie. The usual.
Good morning, Orin.
One Daily News for
your parents...
and one Newsday for you.
Yeah, what else? Have you
talked to your father yet?
About what? About the possibility
of getting The Times in here.
- The Sunday Times at least.
- I did.
He says it don't sell. It don't sell, he
don't order. Simple, supply and demand.
- I'll keep trying.
- Thank you.
Here.
Oh, I got something for you.
I picked up that application
from Brooklyn College.
It's a lot of information,
but don't let that scare you.
Thanks for remembering. No problem.
I'll see you later, bye.
Have a good day.
She ain't bad for a black girl.
Enough already, all right?
She's a beautiful girl.
Beautiful. Every
morning the same shit.
I don't believe it. She
looks like Diana Ross.
Paulie, where's my egg cream?
She does. How come we
don't sell Ebony and Jet?
We don't get The
Amsterdam News either.
Yeah, but tell her
you can get copies in Bed-Stuy.
- Tell her to move over there?
- Shut up, Orin is nice people.
You don't know class when you see it.
My ass.
Gentlemen, I, um...
I think we all know
why we're here.
My contribution to this
company's success and growth...
speaks for itself.
Jerry, Leslie, you know
I've worked very hard...
and put in some very long hours.
We know that.
We both know that.
And now I think it's time
for a vertical move.
I have moved as lateral
as I can go.
And I think the
only fair thing to do...
is to accept me
into the position of partner.
Now, I'm not making any demands.
I'm just saying that... You're
not making any demands?
You ask for a partnership?
That's not a demand?
I'm asking what I'm due.
I deserve this.
I'm the next one in line.
And besides, you promised.
We promised in due time. "In
due time" is what we said.
Look, fellows, time is due.
Look, we both understand...
how anxious you are.
And how patient you've been.
But we can't do this now.
Not at this time.
When?
Honestly, I can't say.
I, uh...
You can't say?
Flipper, what is the deal here?
What is...
Is this an issue of money
or is it this new secretary?
It has nothing to do with the secretary.
Don't patronize me. I'm not.
You know that I work very hard.
I work hard too!
I bust my balls, Jerry. I work seven
days a week! I bust my balls too.
How long you been with this company,
Flipper? From the very beginning.
What does that say?
Mast and Covington.
I helped create that.
That's my design up there.
I set up this
goddamn company with...
Still,
we can't do this now.
Well,
that really disappoints me.
Um...
I can see that you have
no respect for me...
or my contribution
to this company.
So you have forced me to turn
in my letter of resignation.
I can see that
I have no future here at...
Mast and Covington.
Gentlemen, have a nice day.
- Come on, Flipper, come on.
- Let him go.
Quiet.
Flipper, come on.
You don't have to...
Don't walk away like this.
There's nothing left to talk about.
Let him go.
Look at this. This is my work.
Mine, mine, mine.
You know what your problem is? Your
ego's out of control. Lighten up.
Come on, who's gonna play third
base for us? I don't give a damn.
Look, we spent a long... Mine!
Okay.
Mine, mine, mine, mine!
Ego, ego, ego.
Come on, quiet.
Don't tell me to be quiet.
I'm telling you to be quiet.
What's his problem? It's been too...
We've, we've...
We've worked
together too long...
to end a relationship like this.
Let's just cool down
and talk about this.
All we're asking for
is a little bit more patience.
We don't have any more patience.
Fine. If you're
that unhappy here,
Q0.
Come on. We don't
have to deal with this.
Look, I'm really sorry.
- So you quit?
- I resigned.
Good move. You need to start your own firm.
We need our own businesses.
- Exactly what I'm gonna do.
- Let me ask you a question.
Why are we out here tonight?
In this park late at night?
- What's the problem?
- Why are we out here?
You've got to promise me you're
not going to tell anybody.
Who am I gonna tell?
I don't say nothing to nobody.
I-I-I-I-I nothing.
You got to promise me.
I know you, Cyrus.
My lips are sealed.
What happened?
'U.
I cheated on Drew
for the first time.
You did that? When did this happen?
The other day.
Yeah? I thought you
were going to drop a bomb.
Well, uh...
She's white.
You're crazy.
She's Italian.
- H-bomb.
- From Bensonhurst.
Nuclear megaton bomb.
- I know you didn't bone her.
- No, no, no. Uh-uh.
Know you got better judgment than that.
Right, I do.
My man, that's right.
I didn't. Good.
I'm glad you didn't bone her.
Nope, no.
You could have, but you didn't.
No, no.
She put it in your face,
but you refused...
'cause you are strong, you're
a strong black man. Strong.
Strong black man who...
I threw her on the table.
Oh, Flip, you did.
You boned her.
And I was...
You promised, you promised.
Nuclear holocaust.
Hey, man,
it just happened.
I got a bad feeling
about this one, bad feeling.
What's so important?
I'm to go out with Vinny. What'd you
get us here for? What's going on?
You gonna finally have a wedding?
No... I don't know.
But you're wearing that ring.
Why do you look so happy?
This isn't about Paulie.
She's got that glow.
I'm not glowing.
So what is it?
What's going on?
All right, but you gotta swear.
This is like swearing on Bibles.
Swearing on rosary beads. I swear
on my great grandmother, okay?
We swear, we swear, what?
- I'm seeing somebody.
- Yeah, you two-timing?
- Who are you seeing?
- Somebody from work.
That new job. That was quick.
A very fancy place.
So what's he look like?
Who is this guy?
- What's his name?
- It's a weird name.
- Try me.
- Flipper.
Flipper? What the fuck kind
of name is Flipper? Flipper?
I told you it's a weird name.
Don't laugh.
And what is he?
Blond, blue-eyed surfer type?
Hey, dude.
Right? What is that?
He's black.
Something wrong with your face?
Black?
You did it with a black guy?
Yeah.
If your father ever found out.
I don't know.
He's not gonna.
Of course not.
Not from us.
I'm just saying keep it quiet.
Look at Gina.
Gina who?
She brought that guy into the
neighborhood, that black guy.
Look what they did to him. What you talking
about that Puerto Rican crackhead for?
She brought him into the neighborhood
and they killed the guy.
You better be careful.
I don't think she's stupid
enough to bring him in.
Whatever.
Our lips are sealed.
Personally, I think
it's disgusting.
Really? Yeah, I
think it's gross.
How could you... Hey.
Me, myself, personally,
I could never.
You're not sleeping with
the guy. What do you care?
I just think
she's a beautiful girl.
She can have any guy. Why does
she have to go with a moolie?
I mean, Jesus Christ.
I mean...
This is the '90s. There's nothing wrong
with it. You having a good time?
I have to admit I've been
curious about Caucasian women.
That doesn't mean to say that white is
right and sisters aren't beautiful.
Sisters are beautiful too.
But, hey, I was curious.
So ljustjumped on it.
- Literally.
- Yes, indeedy.
I mean, hey, hey,
that doesn't mean to say...
that because a brother
is with a white girl...
that he's less down,
I mean, less progressive.
- I'm still very pro-black.
- You're black all right.
My shit is correct,
very correct.
You got a big problem.
You and her.
The both of youse got the fever.
- The what?
- The fever.
The both of youse
got jungle fever.
The both of youse.
Soon as we get some money we're going
straight back to that motherfucking house.
Straight back.
Babe bro, come on, baby.
Nigger, don't push on me. This is
the bitch with the golden halo.
He done stepped right off
into the cash money thing.
Mr. Flip man.
Yo, babe bro. Cyrus.
Black men.
Successful and shit. I want
you to meet my new woman, Viv.
That's short for Vivian.
She's good people.
I like her.
Mmmmm!
I was most fortunate to make
her acquaintance recently.
That's my baby brother, the one
I've been telling you about.
He a architect and shit.
And that's his main man, Cyrus.
He a, uh...
Damn, what is it you do again?
I teach high school.
Damn, that's right.
He a high school teacher
and shit.
Hey, I'm sorry.
My mind's getting bad.
I gotta go.
You leaving me?
You promised. I promise.
My lips are sealed.
Vivian, nice to meet you.
Gator, peace, two fingers.
Peace. Viv, let two loving
brothers get a moment alone...
to get reacquainted and shit?
Where am I to go? I don't
give a fuck where.
Sit in a fucking swing and wait for me.
A swing? It's cold!
I'm trying to get motherfucking
money from my brother.
What do I look like?
A fool?
Put this in your mouth.
Smoke this shit.
Give me a motherfucking light.
Take this goddamn lighter.
Carry your motherfucking ass over
on that swing. Hurry your ass.
Get the fuck over there. You
better come back with money.
Hurry up.
Motherfucker. Shit.
Go, go, go.
It's cold out here.
I don't give a fuck if you
freeze your motherfucking ass.
I'm tired of waiting on your
motherfucking ass. Shit.
Oh, I like her.
Mmm.
Look here, baby brother.
I'm a little light. Could you
let me hold some change?
No. No, Gator. That dancing
shit ain't gonna work.
I ain't giving you a red cent.
What? Come on, you can
do me this one solid.
Would you rather I go out
and rob some elderly person?
Steal?
Either way, I'm gonna get high.
I hate to resort to knocking elderly
people in the head for their money.
But I'll do it. I'll do it.
You know I'll do it.
'Il do it I'll do it.
You know I'll do it
like getting high.
Cause I'm a... crackhead
I like to get high
I'm a... crackhead.
My brother.
Tch. Yeah. Yo, Viv.
I'm not doing this anymore.
Come on, let's go.
That's it, Gator.
That's it.
I got 50 fucking dollars.
Fifty dollars!
That's right.
Get off me!
Ladies, we have one
chicken livers and onions...
with candied yams
and collard greens;
And one Sylvia's world-famous
talked-about ribs special...
with potato salad and
black-eyed peas? Right.
Two iced teas?
Thank you.
Can I get you anything else?
No, that's fine.
I really should have
done this a long time ago.
Break away and start
my own business.
You still going to work
at Mast and Covington?
I'm a temp secretary, remember?
Yeah. Damn it.
Excuse me, miss, miss.
May we order, please?
Yes, may I take your order?
Is this your station?
Yes, this is my station.
Unfortunately.
You could have taken my order 30 minutes
ago when I sat my black ass in this chair.
Can I take your order?
Excuse me,
do you have a problem?
Yes, I do have a problem,
to be honest with you.
Fake, tired brothers like you
coming in here. That's so typical.
I can't believe you brought...
her stringy-haired ass up here.
It's not your business...
who I bring in here. Parade
your white meat somewhere else.
It's not your business. You are a waitress.
Your job is to wait.
Today's specials are
the Maryland crab cakes,
Creole shrimp gumbo
and blackened catfish.
I suggest you have
the blackened catfish.
I suggest you find the manager.
You want my manager?
I want your manager.
It's like that, right?
I want the manager.
Fine, I'll get my manager.
You're fired.
You're tired.
She's white.
Mm-hmm.
I love her.
She's great.
We have a great marriage,
a great daughter.
What does she do?
She's a buyer
for Bloomingdale's.
So what are we doing?
I honestly don't know.
I guess I don't expect
you to leave her.
Well, I'm not.
So then what are we doing?
I don't think
we're just fooling around.
All right, is it true black men
don't like to go down on women?
Come on, you heard that, right?
No, no. Don't tell me
you didn't hear that.
Untruth, untruth.
That's like white boys...
have little
mini-frosted Wheaties dicks.
Why? Is that true? I don't know.
You tell me.
I don't know.
It's not true.
Of course not.
It's a myth. I think.
Take it!
Take all his stuff.
You just take it.
Take everything.
Cyrus, leave his stuff alone.
You let them take it.
Take all his stuff, his papers,
blueprints, board, clothes.
Take them on home. Y'all take them.
Hey!
Drew! Drew! I don't want it in my house.
Get it outta here.
Hey, give me that back.
Drew, what did I do?
Don't give it back
to him, Cyrus!
You take it.
What did I do?
Put that back!
Drew!
I don't want it in my house. Why
are you throwing my papers out?
Drew, what did I do?
- Tell me what I did.
- You're a liar and bastard.
A what? A bastard and
a liar, you fuckhead.
What is she talking about?
She's hip to Angie.
Throw out the refrigerator.
Wait, wait.
Drew, listen, listen.
Hey, Mommy.
I can explain.
Explain? Explain a fucking
white bitch you're fucking.
Vera, take Ming upstairs
to your apartment.
Take her to your apartment!
Don't talk to her.
That's my friend.
Don't talk to her. Fuck you!
Don't listen to him.
Do we have to discuss
this in front of Harlem?
Why do we have to discuss this
in front of all of Harlem?
We don't have shit to discuss.
Discuss that!
What am I gonna do
about the business?
Oh, fuck your fucking business.
I'm gonna use the house as my office.
Oh, fuck you.
You better get
a new house then, asshole.
Give me this.
Get off of it.
Look, baby.
There will be
no penis between us.
Asshole.
We can talk this out.
I know we can talk this out.
Let us pray. Heavenly Father,
make us truly thankful...
for this of thy bounty
which we are about to receive...
for the nourishment
of our bodies.
In the name of thy son, Jesus.
Amen. Amen.
So...
you have been cast
out of your home...
like Jonah was cast out
of the belly of the whale.
I pray adultery
was not the cause?
- It's complex.
- Let the boy eat his meal.
You don't have to answer. I know
you and Drew will work this out.
Was it the temptation of the sweet
nectar of another woman's fruit?
The devil is always at work.
People are responsible
for their own actions, Dad.
The devil had little,
if anything, to do with it.
It was thinking like that that led
you from the straight and narrow.
Do you ever just talk?
Let him who is without sin...
cast the first stone.
Straight and narrow?
Not you, not me...
and definitely not you.
You and me come from the
same crooked straits.
That's the end
of this conversation.
Go get your wife back.
You both need each other.
And Ming needs the both of you.
Please, let's eat
this meal in peace.
Mmm! She ain't nothin'
but a low-class...
white trash.
She probably didn't even
finish high school.
You know that's the truth.
That's what he left me for.
I always thought Flipper
was the ideal husband.
You can never tell.
They're all dogs!
I promise you, they're all dogs!
Every last one.
That's right.
We gonna have to start datin' white men.
Stop it, Nilda.
It's true. I'm not
datin' no white man.
It ain't no good black men out there.
Yes, there are.
Most of them are
drug addicts, in jail, homos...
The good ones know they the shit
so they got ten women at a time,
- leaving babies all over.
- My marriage is wrecked.
It's fucked up; The man is gone.
He's fucking some white bitch...
and I still believe there's
good black men out there.
Where?
What are the options?
Be a nun, be gay... You
know what the options are?
Or see somebody who likes you no matter
what... Chinese, black, white, whatever.
Exactly. You're as wrong
as the day is long.
They're out there. The problem is
we're lookin' in the wrong places.
We're looking someplace... I
don't know where we're looking,
but we're not lookin' at bus drivers, truck
drivers, a lot of them are doing that.
We just won't give 'em the time
of day, but they're good men.
How many men do you know...
Black men...
Who can effectively deal with a mate who
has more education and makes more money?
Not many. They freak.
- I know there are.
- The fact remains...
that we are losing our men;
That's the bottom line.
A lot of this doesn't have
so much to do with black men.
I know it does, we want to blame
them, and it is their blame.
Part of it is that white bitches
throw themselves at black men.
Do you see the way they look at 'em?
That's true.
You can't walk down the street
with your man...
without 29,000 white bitches
comin' onto 'em.
They will give up their pussy
because their fathers...
tried to keep it from them
all their lives.
When they turn 18 and leave home
they gonna get that black dick.
Hey gonna get it. It can be
yours, yours, or mine...
and they want it,
and they're gettin' it.
Deal with the black man
for a minute.
There's a lot of self-hate goin' on
when he can't deal with his sister.
How would you know?
You won't deal with a black man.
I do date black men; But I also date Chinese,
Latino, Jewish... the full spectrum.
That's not a consolation
for this particular argument...
that we're having.
It's not supposed to be.
You think I should date black men,
but I'm gonna date who I like.
Give me a man,
regardless of color,
who is nice to me, sweet to me
and who I believe loves me.
Inez, I'm not the
rainbow-fucking kind.
You are the leading
rainbow girl.
We know this about you.
If it will make you happy, I'll
make a pilgrimage to Africa...
the motherland, and find
myself a true tribesman.
- A true Asiatic black man.
- With a dick down to his knees,
to keep me happy for days.
Oooh! Zulu dick!
That's right, girl.
- I'm gonna get serious Zulu dick in the bush.
- What a nasty!
Do any of you know
what it is like...
not being thought of
as attractive?
I can't believe you believe that!
It's the kind of shit you buy into.
I was always the darkest one
in my class.
I know you know
what I'm talking about.
All the guys ran after the light-skinned
girls with long, straight hair.
That left me out. It's that
same kind of thinkin'...
that leaves us out when
it comes to white women.
Back in the day, brothers would
get sisters that looked like you.
But now, light skin
ain't even good enough.
Today, brothers are
going for the gusto...
I mean the real McCoy.
That's why Flipper's gone.
- White girls got it made.
- The whole thing...
Everything in society... we keep
doin' the same thing over and over;
We keep telling ourselves,
negatin' ourselves.
Look at them! Most of the
brothers who have made it...
got white women on their arms.
That's true.
In order to go up that ladder
to success, seems like...
you got to have "Miss
Thing" on your arm. Mm-hmm!
Their responsibility level
isn't the same as ours.
It's not even a question
of responsibility.
It's a fundamental disrespect for women.
Yes, it is.
I don't care, the best man...
It's hard for him to say no,
some pussy starin' him
in the face.
I'm sorry. I don't know the man that's
been born that's gonna say no...
He look around, nobody here...
He gonna fuck the pussy.
If you want
a committed relationship,
It's the "art of no" theory
for me.
If you know you're involved
with this person,
you have no business... I don't believe...
Look around.
I know there's such...
You gonna get turned on.
You gonna see somebody you wanna fuck,
but your mind's supposed to tell you,
I have a committed relationship,
I have a wife, whatever.
And tell the dick to shut
the fuck up and get down.
Strap that motherfucker down!
You know? Come on.
You're right.
You have to.
You know somethin', though?
It don't even matter
what color she is.
My man is gone.
Nah, Flipper.
Nah.
I wanna talk to Drew. There's a war
council goin' on in your living room.
Where's Ming?
Asleep upstairs with us.
Let's take a walk.
How did Drew bust me?
Don't tell me it was because
you opened your big mouth.
Goddamn, C.
I trusted you!
You see what happens?
If I can't tell my wife, who can I tell?
Nobody, nobody, nobody!
Nobody, nobody!
I told you...
don't tell a soul.
You promised me.
You 4-1-1 or somethin'?
How was I supposed to know
Vera was gonna tell Drew?
I didn't know that shit. Use your
better judgment, that's how.
She is a woman.
All women stick together.
They always do and always will.
Now I'm thrown out of my house
because of your silly,
no-keepin'-a secret,
married-to-a-blabbermouth wife!
Don't talk about my wife.
You need a place to stay,
you can stay with us
as long as you want.
Just say the word, but
don't talk about my wife.
Yeah, right. Right!
And be spied on all night?
I'd rather live
with the F.B.l. and C.l.A.
She would be giving her an
on-the-hour report...
of everything I did to Drew.
Miss... big mouth!
Hey, did big mouth say
go fuck that lady?
We had nothin' to do
with that shit.
Put the fuckin' blame on
the blamee... you, not me.
That's right.
Why you laughin'?
'Cause you fucked me up,
that's why I'm laughin'.
I didn't mean that shit. Ho-ho.
You gotta place to stay. So
your marriage's fucked up.
I didn't mean it. I didn't mean it.
Fuck you.
It was a mistake.
I shouldn't have told her.
She has a big, fuckin' mouth.
While the night is young
and the stars are out
and your eyes are all aglow.
Excuse me, miss.
Can you help me, please?
Flipper, why are you here?
Drew, these are for you.
I don't want them.
I need to talk. I don't
want to talk to you.
All right.
Sorry.
Not out here, please. In my office.
All right.
Look, baby, I know you're upset,
but... I guess I just wasn't
light enough for you, was I?
You had to eventually
go get yourself a white girl.
Eventually? What I mean is you
got a complex about color.
You've always had it.
I never wanted to believe it.
All the girls you ever dated have been
light-skinned girls... you and Cyrus, both of you.
You don't know what type of women
I dated before we got together.
That's not the issue. The issue is 'cause
you're so black, you have a problem.
That's insane! That's insane!
Yes. Yes!
I've told you what happened
to me when I was growin' up.
I've explained to you.
I've poured my heart out.
I told you how they called me
high yellow, yellow bitch.
White honky, honky white;
White nigger, nigger white;
Octoroon, quadroon, half-breed, mongrel...
and what do you do?
Do you love this girl?
Ohh! Oh, Drew.
You've gotta be kidding me.
Do you love her?
- I love you.
- Do you love her?
No, no, no!
No, I don't.
I'm so glad for you.
So glad.
'Cause don't you know white
people hate black people...
'cause they're not black?
They can't relate.
Look, Drew, did your white
father hate your black mother?
You talkin' about my family?
This is what I'm saying.
Color's got you fucked up, too.
Maybe it has!
Maybe that's why this hurts me so much.
Can't you see that?
I trusted you.
I...
- And I loved you.
- And you still do.
Oh, please,
don't tell me what I feel!
I don't.
And I won't again.
Take your tired-ass roses and get the
fuck out of my place of business.
Love can be so insecure
so please
be sure.
- Can you lend me Starbursts?
- Some Now-And-Laters, too?
I'm gonna lend it to you?
What am I, a library?
Come on, get out. I told
you I was closed. Come on.
Just 'cause I'm a nice guy...
Come on, Paulie.
I seen that.
Come on, man.
Get out. Out! Hey, come on.
You're a Cheapskate.
I can't help it.
It's my nature.
Ohhh!
- You want another egg cream?
- No.
Boy, it seems like forever
since I seen ya.
Where ya been?
Oh, just...
been doin' things.
You want another egg cream? No.
Sure?
Yeah.
Paulie, sit down.
All right.
We've been goin' out
for a long time, Paulie.
Yeah.
Look...
I care about you too much
to bullshit you.
But, uh, I need to get away
from here as far as possible.
I just...
I wanna get out of here.
I don't understand.
You movin' or somethin'?
Oh.
Paulie.
Paulie...
please.
What is this about?
This is about something else.
Is there anything else
you wanna tell me? Stop.
- Yeah?
- Is your watch broken?
I know what time it is. I
haven't eaten for ten hours!
Know you're hungry. I'm starving,
you dumb son-of-a-bitch.
Know you haven't eaten since lunch.
What am I, on a diet?
All right.
I'll be up in a bit.
Lou's hungry.
Open the door.
Paulie?
Let me in.
No.
Paulie?
I gotta pee.
No, you don't!
Leave me alone.
You just want to get in here.
Paulie, I'm gonna
pee in my pants.
Open the fuckin' door!
I gotta take a leak!
- Promise?
- Yeah, I promise.
What's the matter with you?
What the hell are you doin'?
You lied! You said
you had to take a leak.
Locking yourself in the john
like a little girl!
All because of some skirt.
Not some skirt. It's Angie.
She's a woman.
You call that a woman!
I was married to
a real woman... your mother.
That was a woman!
- I wanted to marry Angie.
- She did you a big favor.
Marriage to her
would have been hell.
Besides, marriage
to her is a joke.
People get married,
divorced, married.
All they think
marriage is for is humping.
- They don't know the duties.
- What duties?
Wifely duties.
Those kind of women are rare.
Your mother and me,
we had our wars.
She didn't talk to me
for almost... two years.
Not... Not a word.
Still, she scrubbed my back.
Never stopped doin' her duties.
That woman was there for me.
Till death do us part.
That...
was a fuckin' marriage.
Sometimes when I'm alone,
she says to me,
“Lou.
Me."
But I...
I try.
But I can't find her lips.
When was the last time
that they heard you say
mother or father
love you
when was the last time
that they heard you say.
A nigger! A nigger!
A nigger! What kind of woman...
Daddy!
What kind of a woman are you?
You fuck a black nigger?
I didn't raise you to be with no nigger!
I'd rather you be a murderer...
Jimmy! Charlie! or a child
molester than fuck a black nigger!
What's goin' on? What'd you do?
Get back!
I'm telling ya to get back.
Don't do it!
It's none of your
fucking business.
You! Your mother's turning over
in her grave. Stop, Daddy!
This is how you scar
your mother's memory?
I raised you to be a good Catholic girl.
You're a disgrace!
No! No!
Pop, what're you doin'?
Stop!
You're a disgrace to the Italians!
You're a disgrace!
You could've gone out
with a Jew or Irishman,
but you picked a fucking nigger!
Calm down.
I wish your mother had lived
and you had died.
Let go of me! Get off me!
Calm down.
I'd rather stab myself
in the heart with a knife...
than be the father
of a nigger lover.
As far as I'm concerned...
Look at all you people.
What the fuck you lookin' at?
Why don't you mind
your goddamn business!
Knowing you didn't always show.
Just how much you loved him so
these three words
sweet and simple Hi, Frankie.
Why don't you come inside?
Come on, let's go.
- Hey, Paulie.
- Denise, just stay here.
Okay.
I'll be back in ten minutes.
Hey, Paulie. How ya doing, Paulie?
All right.
Paulie, how's you r father?
Okay.
Don't take too long, Vinny.
I need an egg cream.
He's a nice kid.
Paulie, we know.
You know.
We all know.
You're a jerk-off
most of the time,
but I feel for you.
A colored?
A spook?
A spearchucker?
Jesus Christ, a fuckin' eggplant.
You know, Paulie,
Jew girls do that all the time.
But I would have
thought better of Angela.
She went to Catholic school
for eight years.
- That's 16 years, you moron!
- It's a fuckin' mystery.
- You gonna give her a beatin'?
- Her father did that already.
I'm not talkin' about her father.
I'm talkin' about you.
He ain't talkin' about Mike.
He's talkin' about you.
See my girl, Denise.
She knows better.
She got out of line one time,
I stomped her in the midsection.
Morning, Paulie.
Good morning.
How are ya?
Ah.
Just okay?
The same.
All right.
I'll see you later.
Have a nice day.
You, too.
Thank you.
Ooh, she's sweet, man.
I'd fuck her.
- Definitely.
- You'd fuck a mozzarella.
I'd fuck her. I'd fuck a
nigger or spic in a second.
- Yeah... and the mozzarella.
- I'd do it, too.
I wouldn't let anyone see us
together. No way I'd walk...
down 18th avenue with a black
on my arm, no fuckin' way.
Not even Paula Abdul?
Not even Paula Abdul.
- Abdul says she's not black.
- Who's Paula Abdul?
- She got big tits?
- It's gotta stop somewhere.
Next thing, a black guy
will wanna pork Denise.
They took over sports... baseball,
basketball, football, boxing...
What do we got left?
Hockey?
- Golf.
- Golf! Come on, man.
They fuckin' elected Dinkins.
Christ, when does it stop?
I don't need this shit
from you guys today.
All you ever do
is complain, complain.
When Dinkins won, the next day
everybody was packin' up.
And where'd you go?
Around the corner?
The first thing he does... appoints
that black police commissioner.
- What's his name?
- Lee Brown.
- Downtown Brown.
- Did you vote?
- I didn't. I had to fix my car.
- Patty, did you vote?
- No. I had to help my mom.
- Veeshay?
- Yeah, I voted.
- You didn't vote.
I did vote!
Fuck you.
You're full of shit.
Frankie Botz?
Sure, I voted...
about six times.
I wrote Rudy, Rudy, Rudy.
I put a stamp on it.
I don't know if they got it.
Airmail. Fuckin' flew it in.
You're full of shit.
- Sonny, did you vote?
- I went to P.S. 205.
They must've moved. What am I gonna do?
Walk around all day?
You guys didn't even
register to vote.
You never voted in your life.
No wonder Giuliani lost.
What's the sense of voting?
Look at Marion Barry,
smokin' crack
with his girlfriend.
I mean, the mayor of D.C.,
the nation's capital!
What does that have to do
with David Dinkins?
- Two different people.
- He's black!
There's Marion Barry
and there's David Dinkins.
- Black on black.
- David Dinkins, Marion Barry.
- He's talkin' of Dinkin Donuts.
One plus one is two...
Two different people.
They're both black!
Read the Post.
- I sell the Post.
- What about Central Park?
- Yeah, Salaam Baloney.
- Guy writes a rap poem...
and says he innocent;
He's not remorseful one bit.
What the fuck was that? "I'm a cool type
of fellow, cool, calm, and mellow."
- Get the fuck out!
- I'm not talking Central Park!
What are you talkin' about?
Let me ask you somethin'.
Did you vote?
Did I vote? Did I vote! Yeah.
- Did you vote?
- I voted.
- Who'd you vote for?
- That's my business.
Your business, huh?
You probably voted for Dinkins.
The guy who likes tennis.
For what?
I don't want to talk about it.
I don't want to
go to the doctor.
There may be a fracture.
No, no, no.
No, no, no?
You're a toughie, huh?
So, what do you think?
What?
I mean, it's small and the
rent is an arm and a leg.
That's to be expected.
I always wanted
a village apartment.
You did?
Well, here it is.
The humble residence of two outcasts.
Uh-huh .
You got that right.
Mmm.
Who's that?
I don't hear shit.
Did you tell anybody
we were here?
Give out your address? I
didn't give out my address.
Go away.
Nobody lives here yet.
Stay right there.
Mmm.
A I right! Tell them
we don't want any.
All right.
Yeah? I'm here to see
my younger brother.
I'm his older brother, Gator.
Hey!
Hi.
Angela.
Nice to meet ya.
Come on in.
Thanks.
How ya doin'?
Pretty good.
Flipper?
Yeah?
It's your brother.
My brother?
Hey!
Hey.
I'm gonna go unpack. All right.
What the fuck
are you doin' here?
How'd you find this address?
Cyrus give it to you?
She's white! No shit!
Yeah, she's white.
She got any money...
Real long money?
No, she doesn't have any money.
She's a temp.
A secretary?
You mean to say my brother
got him an ofay...
who ain't got no mo-nay? Shh.
What about Drew?
Ming?
It's complex, man.
You see, me,
myself, personally...
I would have opted
for some money and shit.
You know what I'm sayin'?
But I gots to give you some dap.
She looks good!
Most brothers
with white bitches,
nine out of ten, they don't never
have 'em no penthouse pet.
Most brothers be havin'
an outhouse pet...
A dog with flies, fleas...
But that don't work
for the white boy, see.
If a sister's on his arm,
I guarantee you...
she be slammin'...
Boom! Pow!
All right. What is it
that you want?
You sure she ain't ot no mone ?
Y
She could be frontin',
know what I'm sayin'?
Perpetratin' on the green.
She's Jewish, right?
She's Italian.
Ohhh, shit!
Wha...
You always had to do things
the hard way.
Lookee here.
I'm a little light, so...
how' bout a loan?
Hmph! Help me.
You didn't get your check
from Soul Train yet?
Don lost my address.
Uh.
Come on, hit me.
No, no.
Put some cash in my hand.
Don't let the door...
hit you where God split your back.
Man, gimme some money.
Get out. Don't do
me like this here.
I'm not giving you anything.
Gator, no. Let me go
in and ask the bitch.
No, no.
Don't call her a bitch.
She's not a bitch.
I didn't mean that.
Apologize and get the fuck out.
You okay?
I should go
and see my little girl.
Daddy!
Hey!
Come here.
That's a 'girl.
Look what I've got for you.
She's beautiful.
Yes, she is.
Daddy, Mommy takes me the wrong
way to school every day.
She does?
Yeah.
Ming-a-ling, there's more
than one way to go to school.
I still like our way, Daddy.
I miss you and Mommy making
funny noises in the morning.
That's your mother. She's the loud one.
Wakes up all of Harlem.
It doesn't bother me.
I wish you and Mommy...
were back together
making those funny noises.
You coming home?
Uh, go ask your mother. I did.
She told me to ask you.
Your father says to go ask your mother.
I just did.
Yo, Daddy. I'll suck
your dick good for $5.00.
You what? Five dollars.
I'll suck your dick.
Get off me!
$5.00!
Get away from me! All right, $3.00.
Motherfucker!
Fuck you!
Watch where you're goin', man.
You listen to me.
Ahh.
If I ever see you usin' drugs,
I'll kill you. Understand?
L didn't do anything!
My dear, are you a Catholic?
Umm... I went to
Catholic school my whole life,
so I guess I am by now.
Umm.
In this house, we are Baptists.
Yes, the good reverend doctor
was the head of his own flock...
The Hard Rock Baptist Church.
The devil and his cohorts conspired
to oust me from my congregation.
Now, Daddy, you know...
the devil ain't had
nothin' to do with it.
It was you. You and your stubbornness.
That's all.
“For it must needs be that
offenses come into the world;
But woe unto him
by whom the offense cometh."
I recognize the devil's
handiwork when I see it.
That's good.
Please,
let's not argue
at the dinner table.
Flipper, have you
met Angie's folks?
Not as of yet.
Well, my mother passed away
and my father, he's, uh...
He's asked me to leave.
- I'm sorry.
- That's all right.
I just don't think we'll
be having dinner there soon.
Has Flipper told you about
his loving wife and daughter?
Yes, he has.
Um, excuse me.
You think I don't understand
about the white woman...
committing black adultery,
but I do.
Now, Daddy, no sermons, please.
There was a lot of lynchings
in Willicoochee, Georgia...
where I come from
when I was a boy.
Willicoochee, Georgia!
What a name!
Willicoochee.
"Baby, you are the flower...
"of white southern womanhood,
too holy and pure...
"to be touched by any man,
including me.
"I'm gonna put you
up on a pedestal...
"so the whole world will
fall down and worship you.
"And if any nigger
so much as look at you,
I'll lynch his ass."
She believed him,
thought she really was...
holy and pure,
like the Virgin Mary.
She let him put her
up on that pedestal.
Meanwhile, the husband... no
sooner than the sun went down...
Down to the slave quarters
grabbin' up every piece...
of black poontang
he could lay his hands on,
then running to the gin mill
to brag about it.
And that's how our blood
got diluted...
Mulattoes, quadroons,
octoroons.
I'm sure that most of those
high and mighty white ladies...
felt abandoned.
But they were so proud to be
white, and therefore superior,
they kept their mouths shut
and their legs locked tight.
But in the midnight hour,
layin' there, alone,
on the hot bed of lust,
I'm sure they must've thought
what it would be like...
to have one of them
big, black bucks...
their husbands were
so desperately afraid of.
I feel sorry for you.
Here it is the nineties,
still tryin' to make up
for what you missed out on.
But I don't blame you.
As for the black man...
Like my own son, Flipper,
who ought to know better...
Got a loving wife and daughter...
Still got to fish
in the white man's cesspool,
I have nothing but contempt.
Excuse me.
I don't eat with whoremongers.
But you knew she was comm'.
That's all right, Mama.
That's all right.
Angie, we're leavin'.
Let's go.
Mama, I'm sorry.
But you invited them.
Great. One good thing
that's happened all night...
A parking space.
Comm' out'?
Mmm.
Ohhh!
Uh! Pow. Hey, hey!
Don't mess with me.
I got two rough brothers.
Who do you think taught Mike Tyson?
Yeah.
Gus D'Amato.
Gus D'Amato?
But when he died, I taught him
everything he knows. Oh, yeah?
You wouldn't hit me with
glasses, would you? I would.
All those good
Italian boxers there are.
Graciano, Marciano.
Come on. LaMotta. LaMotta!
How's that?
What about Muhammad Ali?
I hate Ali.
What?
Ali was a Muslim, and he preached
hate on the white people.
I'll kill you,
you ever talk about Ali.
You're a witch.
Get off!
I'll never stand for nobody
to talk about Muhammad Ali.
That's you...
a heretic witch!
Okay, game over.
Game over.
Gimme my glasses.
Say please. I'm not
gonna say please.
That's not gonna stop me
from being angry. Just...
Get your hands up!
Put 'em up.
- Get your hands up.
- Back away.
Get your hands up... now!
Move!
What'd I do?
Against the wall!
- You all right, ma'am?
- I'm all right. Let go of me.
Hat's my boyfriend. What are you doing?
Get back.
I'm not her boyfriend. We're just lovers...
just friends.
This must be some kind of mistake.
Angie, shut up.
She doesn't know
what she's talkin' about.
- He wasn't trying to rape you?
- No!
- I didn't do anything.
- Take the gun from his head.
Talk to me. What? It's just
a big misunderstanding.
That's all.
Slow. Turn around.
I was just makin' sure she got home safe.
All right.
- Sorry about that.
- No harm, no foul.
We got a call that
an Afro-American male...
was attacking a Caucasian woman.
You all right, man?
Just a little excitement.
No problem. What?
Give me a reason, man!
Don't you dare try it!
Better luck next time.
Excuse the intrusion.
Are you crazy?
I'll have your badge.
I'll bring you up on charges!
What's the matter with you,
telling 'em we're lovers!
You tryin' to get me killed?
It's none of their business.
What a waste!
What the fuck am I doin' here?
Let's go.
Don't touch me.
Please.
- Morning, Paulie.
- Morning.
- How are you today?
- Good.
See ya later.
Bye.
Excuse me please Your Majesty
enhanced it small but nervously
Orin?
Yeah.
Can I ask you a question? Yeah.
Did you fill out that application?
Not yet.
Paulie!
I'm gonna get to it.
Listen I... I...
Do you think you could be
attracted to a white boy?
A white boy.
Could this white boy
be Paulie Carbone?
Possibly.
Yeah.
I don't know. Maybe.
I'd have to think about it.
Why don't you think about it?
Okay. But can I
be honest with you?
I have never thought
of you in that way.
I'm sorry.
I like you.
You're serious.
Why? Why me?
You really wanna know?
You wanna know?
Yeah, I wanna know.
You're intelligent
and I find you very...
Very attractive.
Thank you. That's nice.
It's sweet.
But I got to get to work.
I have a class later.
I gotta g0,
Bye.
Remember, think about it
on the way to the subway.
Yeah, right.
You see this shit?
I don't believe it.
Don't get too long.
You'll burn your brain out.
I don't know why you're trying
to rap Miss Goody. Goode.
Goode, whatever.
Doesn't even talk to us.
- Who does she think she is?
- Orin talks...
to whoever talks to her.
She said good morning
to me one time.
Paulie, did you fuck her?
Did you fuck her?
You know, colored women...
they like to fuck.
Oh, yeah?
They're built that way. You put a saddle
on them, you ride them into the sunset.
- I'm telling you, they love it.
- How do you know?
- He asked his mother.
- What the fuck's that supposed to mean?
My mother's not black.
She's just dark.
There are dark Italians.
Come on. Basta.
- I'm as white as anybody here.
- Okay, Frankie. Relax.
- We're just busting your balls.
- My brother ain't no crackhead.
- Hey, Frankie!
- Tony's on methadone.
- Fuckin' drug addict. - He's a
recovering addict on methadone. Fuck you!
- Fuck me? Fuck you!
- Don't talk about my brother that way.
Your brother's a fucking thief. He
stole a radio out of my oar. Come on.
- How do you know?
- How do I know!
He tried to sell it back to me.
You're full of shit.
Nobody listens to you anyway.
Full of shit? Ask Sonny.
Fuck Sonny.
- I'm gonna wring your neck.
- I'll wring your neck.
Hey, hey, hey!
Go get a job or do something
else somewhere else.
Leave me alone.
Give me room here.
You don't even have
the fucking balls...
to get a piece of that
big black ass.
You don't got the pallinis.
- What?
- You don't have the balls.
- Says who?
- Says who? Says all of us!
- I only hear you.
- I'm in charge here... right?
- Whatever you say.
- We're friends, all right?
Friends... no such thing.
Either you're doin' it...
or you're not doin' it,
and you're not doin' it!
You're jealous because
she speaks to me every morning.
We're dyin' of envy here, Paulie.
Hey!
Seen Angie lately?
You miss her, right?
I heard she's Iivin' in Harlem.
I saw her buyin' a kanga.
Hear she got a pair of
unlaced Jordans too.
You got a big mouth.
Shut your mouth!
- I'm not...
- Don't you laugh.
- Eat your fuckin' cake.
- Get outta here.
I'll bury you, you fuck.
Okay, Mama.
It's all right.
I don't know what's wrong
with Gator!
I've prayed so much for that boy.
He's gonna give me a heart condition.
What did he do now? Gator
left before you got here.
Come over wantin' to
borrow the color TV.
For what? Said he wanted to watch
the Mets, see Gooden pitch.
I told him he couldn't watch
the game here because...
the reverend would be back and would raise
holy hell if he saw him in this house.
- What happened then?
- He got mad,
unplugged the TV, picked it up
and walked on out of here.
Said he'd bring it back
after the game.
Look, Mama. Listen.
Just listen.
Mama, you can forget about
the TV.
You should also forget
about Gator.
In the end, he's only
gonna break your heart.
Hush your foolishness.
The good Lord knows I raised
you two the best I know how.
Gator is your oldest brother, me
and your father's first child.
Your first child is a crackhead.
Don't say that!
It's the truth. You mustn't
say that about your brother.
Look, Mama...
He is not a crackhead.
It's not your fault,
not my fault,
not the good reverend doctor's fault; And
it ain't got nothin' to do with the devil.
Find him and get the TV back
before your father comes home.
Mama, please listen to me.
Forget about the TV.
I don't want to hear any
back talk, not another word!
Do as I say.
Find your brother...
and get the good
reverend's I V back. Okay.
All right.
Love ya a heap.
In all thine ways, acknowledge the
Lord and He will direct thy path.
Our Father, which art in heaven,
hallowed be thy name.
Boy is born
in Hard Time, Mississippi
surrounded by four walls
that ain't so pretty
is parents give him
love and affection
to keep him strong moving
in the right direction
livin' just enough just enough
for the city.
What's up, man?
What's up?
You seen Gator?
I haven't seen him, man.
He hasn't passed by here? Not
that I know of. If I see him...
I'll let him know
you're looking for him.
All right.
Peace out.
And you best believe
she hardly gets a penny.
I know you hear me.
This fuckin' money's short.
I want my fuckin' money!
Yeah! I'm gonna go over
to Brooklyn and kill you!
Red is down!
How many you want?
Come on, baby, how many you want?
Red is down, red is down.
Livin' Large. My man! What up'?
How you been?
This brother's a architect!
I want you to build me
one of those penthouse joints.
Shit is gettin' real good.
It's like gravy. Look, Livin'
Large, I'm lookin' for Gator.
Now I'm the missin' person's bureau.
People just say...
you know where he is. Yeah, people
got some big motherfuckin' mouths!
Fuck it. I know
just where he's at.
Yo, what's the name
of that basin' joint?
Taj Mahal. The Taj Mahal?
That's the name?
That's where's he's at,
the Taj Mahal.
- What's the Taj Mahal?
- The Taj Mahal is...
It's like the Trump Towers
for crackheads around here.
That's where your brother's at.
He's a basin' thief, I'm sorry.
- Where's it at?
- Up on 145th and Convent.
Thank you.
Hey, whatever.
Givin' just enough
just enough for the city
givin' just enough
livin' for the city
For the city yeah, yeah, yeah
livin' just enough
just enough
stop givin' just enough
givin' just enough
I'm sorry.
Gator!
You crazy or something?
I'll kill you.
I'm sorry.
What the fuck is wrong with you?
Fuck you.
I got the shit! Well, light it then!
Come on, Viv.
Gator.
Hey!
Welcome to the Taj Mahal,
eighth wonder of the world.
Mama wants to know
where the TV is.
The Mets lost! They're sorry motherfuckers.
Half can't play as good as Mama.
Where is the TV, Gator?
Where do you think
the motherfuckin' color TV is?
It's right here! Me and Viv
smokin' the fuckin' IV.
Sony... no baloney.
Motherfucker, don't...
Hey, hey, hey!
Come on, Viv. Calm down, baby.
Don't be touchin' me!
It's all right. Come on! Shit!
That fuckhead's shittin' with my shit!
Look, look here.
Mama is cryin' her eyes out
over your sorry black ass!
Look, I like gettin' high.
Why you think I got a room here
at the Taj Mahal?
I'm a junkie, a crackhead.
Just tell Mama her older son
is a crackhead.
Fine, that's it.
We're cuttin' you off, Gator.
Don't come by the good
reverend doctor's house.
Don't ever ask me for shit!
If you want to go out like this,
fine, do it with your crack ho.
Crack ho, crack ho! Eat me,
motherfucker! Fuck you!
Take your box-head ass on
outta here, motherfucker!
Get the fuck downtown with
your Mickey Mouse ass...
and that spaghetti-cookin'
bitch of yours!
Leave me alone.
All you crackheads!
I'll shoot you.
Crapshoot for crackheads!
Give it to me!
Goddamn it, give it to me!
Pull this motherfuckin'
shit out of your pocket!
Fuck! Get off me! Where the
fuck you get this from?
I've been suckin' dicks
for your ass,
and you got this shit
in your pocket.
Gimme all this goddamn shit!
You and your brother can kiss
my fuckin' yellow ass!
Where's my lighter, man?
Fuck you!
Fuck all y'all!
Motherfucker.
Come on, shit, bring
your sorry ass over here.
Here!
Motherfucker.
So, where we goin'?
We gonna be together?
We're together now.
I don't know.
You don't know.
Who the fuck knows?
Is that the way it is?
That's the way it is.
What about children?
No, no.
That's not gonna happen.
I'm sayin'...
if we work it out.
No children.
No, no, no.
No babies.
Besides, I gotta be married
to have children.
Or have you forgotten
that I already am married?
With a child.
No. No half-black,
half-white babies for me.
No!
Aren't Drew and Vera mulattoes?
Their skin is lighter than mine.
No octoroon, quadroon,
mulatto... babies.
No!
Don't you have a daughter
who's got white blood?
Yeah, so what?
At least in my eyes,
Drew and Ming are black.
It's hard enough
just being black out here.
A lot of times the mixed kids...
they come out all mixed-up,
a bunch of mixed nuts.
You're not that much
different than my family.
Your family is racist!
What is this stuff
you're talking now?
Angie?
Angie!
I'll be damned.
Ain't that some shit.
Would you like me
to tell you what happened?
I still care about you, Paulie.
How do you feel?
How do you expect me to feel?
I don't feel the same.
Angie, I gotta go.
Nice to see you back
in the neighborhood.
Okay.
Out?
Out where?
Out on a date.
Ahh. A date.
Who with?
Orin Geode.
She's...
She's... She's black.
Yeah. Right.
So what?
You don't bring no brown
sugar home to this house!
If your mother was alive,
she'd turn over in her grave!
Papa, I'm going out.
You are not going out.
I'm going out. I'll kick your
balls through your throat!
Pop, I got no life,
you understand?
Everything I do is for you!
Paulie, do this.
Paulie, do that.
Paulie, wash my back.
Paulie, what's for dinner?
I'm not your fuckin' wife!
I'm our son!
Y
You had your life! I want a life, man!
You had yours!
You...
You hate me.
You hate your own father.
I don't hate you.
I'd like to kill you,
but I don't hate you.
You are not my son!
You bastard.
Fuckin'...
You are not my son!
Lou, damn!
You bastard!
You are not my son.
What's the matter?
Where you goin', Paulie?
You burn your supper? Paulie,
who's the lucky girl?
You look pretty tonight, Paulie.
You goin' out with
that fuckin' nigger?
You think you're better
than me, Paulie?
You're a fuckin' disgrace.
Asshole, you're
no better than me.
Where's your books, Paulie, huh?
Fuckin' piece of shit, Paulie.
Aaah! Aaah!
Hi, Orin. Paulie. Good
God, what happened to you?
I fell over some garbage.
Come on in.
You look terrible.
Hi.
Angie, I don't think there's
anything left to talk about.
L give UP-
It's not worth it.
I know.
I don't love you.
And I doubt seriously
if you've ever loved me.
Don't tell me what I felt
or didn't feel.
Look, Angie,
this “love will overcome everything"
is in Walt Disney films.
I've always hated Disney films.
I didn't come here to
talk about "Snow White."
You got with me
to spite your family...
'cause you were curious
about black.
Is that what you think it was?
Yeah, I do.
And I was curious about white.
Okay, look,
I just came to say...
I hope everything
works out with your wife.
Yeah.
Angie, hold on a second.
You gonna be all right? Yeah.
Well, I'm moving out
of here in the morning.
You can have it if you want.
That's okay.
Okay.
There he is. Going to walk
that goddamn barkin' rat of his.
Hurry up, old man.
Just keep walkin', keep walkin'.
Here we go.
Showtime!
Gator! What do you want?
I need to see you.
The good reverend doctor isn't here.
I know.
That's why I need
to see you now.
Well, hurry up!
Come on!
Hey, pretty lady, remember me?
Say whatever you have to say and
go before your father comes back.
What's the matter? Don't you
like my dancing anymore?
You usually offer to cook me something
to eat. I ain't playin' with you.
Say what you got to say
and then go!
If it's money you want, forget it!
The answer is no!
Mama, I need money!
I'm sick!
In order for me to get right,
I need money!
You'd feel better
if you had a bath!
The devil's got you.
75 cents! What the hell am I
gonna do with 75 cents? Gator!
Goddamn coupons!
I save a lot of money using them coupons.
I need some money!
I know you got money
in here somewhere!
What happened to that $100 I gave
you last time and the time before?
Fuckin' Mon...
Mama, give me some money!
Don't you raise your voice at me!
I'm still your mother.
As God is my witness,
this is my last time.
I swear 'fore God
and four more white people,
this is the very last time, I swear!
Lies, lies!
You're out of your mind.
I'm not giving you a red cent.
And what happened to
your father's color TV?
Mama, I smoked the TV.
Lord have mercy
on your twisted soul.
I ain't goin' nowhere
till you give me some money!
I don't have any money!
What about some jewelry?
These pearls aren't real.
This is costume jewelry.
Well, gimme something!
Just leave, boy!
Go before your father
gets back in this house.
I know there's some money here somewhere.
You won't find nothing.
Just stop!
Let go of
your mother's pocketbook!
Get away, Mama. I need some money!
I'm sick!
If you're sick, why don't you
go someplace and lie down?
What is all this shit?
Where is the money?
Why are you treating me like this? You
won't find money in that pocketbook.
I haven't got any money,
not the kind you lookin' for.
$20? Is that all
the money you got?
Oh, my God!
$20 ain't shit!
For the love of Jesus, go!
Boy, didn't I tell you never
to set foot in my house again?
Where's the money?
Why you hidin' it?
Have you lost your natural mind as
well as your soul? Let him leave.
Didn't I tell you never to darken
my door again? Gator's leaving.
- I ain't going nowhere.
- All right, all right.
I'll put you out.
See, Mama? If you gave me the money,
I'd be gone before he came back.
Now give me some money. If I
had money, I'd give it to you.
You've got money. Give it to me.
Take anything in this house.
You can sell it. You got
more money than this $20!
See this? You can sell it.
I don't want that shit!
My own flesh and blood, my
firstborn son, and I love you.
But you're evil
and you're better off dead!
All right, all right!
I'm leavin'.
I'm leavin'!
Take it. Sell it.
The devil's work is never done.
The devil's always busy.
Mama, check out this new step.
I made this one up just for you.
I paid a lot for these.
Take 'em!
Sell it, sell it!
Take these and sell it, boy.
For God's sake, Gator,
please go.
I'll pray for you, my son.
Father, I stretch
my hands to thee.
Aaah!
- Oh, God!
- Help me.
It hurts! Aaah! My baby.
No! No!
Make it stop.
Oh, God, no!
My baby.
My darling b0)!-
My firstborn.
No! Not my firstborn!
Mommy's here.
Mommy's here!
No other help I know.
If thou withdraw thyself from me...
Mommy's here!
Ah, whither shall I go?
Mommy's here.
It won't hurt.
You better go now.
Just leave.
Ming.
Come on, wake up, you faker.
Daddy, I heard you and Mommy.
Are you moving back in with us?
No, not today, baby.
Maybe in the future.
When is the future?
Soon.
Daddy, can you walk me
to school today?
Yo, Daddy, I'll suck your
big black dick for $2.00.
No!